ClickChronicle FAQ

1. What is ClickChronicle?

ClickChronicle keeps a record of your web browsing and allows you to
search all the web pages that you have visited.

2. How does ClickChronicle work?

ClickChronicle has 2 parts: the click-recording extension for Firefox
and the clickchronicle.com web application. Once installed the
extension securely sends the web address of each page that you visit
to clickchronicle.com. Once clickchronicle.com receives a click from
the extension, it indexes the page so you can search (and
find) it later.

3. How do I use ClickChronicle?

To use ClickChronicle you have to create an account at
clickchronicle.com (sign up here: www.clickchronicle.com/signup) and
install the Firefox extension (www.clickchronicle.com/extension)

4. What about my privacy?

At ClickChronicle, you own your data. Your clicks belong to you and we
don't share them with others. Your data is not trapped at
ClickChronicle and at any point you can download or erase all the
clicks you have stored with us. We are a member of attentiontrust.org
an organization founded to protect privacy and rights to data.

ClickChronicle does aggreagate anonymous click data to help us tune
the system and for features like our "What's popular?"  section,
however there is no way for someone to find out who contributed which
click. You can also opt out of the anonymous click aggregation by
logging in and going to the Preferences section of clickchronicle.com.

5. Is ClickChronicle secure?

Yes. ClickChronicle uses encrypted connections to send your click data
to our server. We also use encrypted connections when you log in to
search and browse your data. For encryption we use 128-bit https, the
same security that is used by sites like Amazon and Ebay for credit
card transactions.

6. Are there any sites that are not recorded by ClickChronicle?

Yes. If a site requires a login (such as your online banking site) we can
not record the information since we can not log in as you (only you
can do that).

7. Can I exclude certain sites from being recorded?

Yes. Once logged into clickchronicle.com it is easy to configure
specific sites to be ignored.

8. Is there a limit to number of clicks recorded?

Yes. Initially ClickChronicle will remember and index your last 500
clicks. Once you reach 500 we will forget the oldest clicks first.

9. Is there any way to increase the 500 click limit?

Yes. You can either sign up for our paid service or you can help
spread the word and sign up new ClickChronicle users.

10. What are the differences between the free service and the paid
    service?

The paid service offers far deeper history (10,000 clicks
vs. 500). The paid service also provides a cache of visited pages so
if an article moves or a site goes down you can still find the
information you were looking for.

11. What technology is used by ClickChronicle?

ClickChronicle is brought to you by Divmod. It uses the Python
programming language, the Twisted networking framework, Divmod Axiom,
Divmod Nevow, Divmod Mantissa, Xapian, SQLite, MochiKit,
Zope Interfaces and Ubuntu.
